Update setup instructions (#128)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: _extras/guide.md

---
title: "Instructor Notes"
---

## Setup before the lesson
The required python packages for this lesson often result in installation issues,
so it is advisable to organize a pre-workshop setup session where learners can show their installation and get help with problems.

> Although installation on learners own devices have the advantage of lowering the threshold to continue with the material beyond the workshop, this lesson can also be taught on a cloud environment such as [Google colab](https://colab.research.google.com/) or [My Binder](https://github.com/carpentries/scaffolds/blob/master/instructions/workshop-coordination.md#my-binder). This can serve as a backup environment when local installation fails. Some cloud environments offer the possibility to run the code on a GPU, which significantly increases the runtime of deep learning code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installations on learners' devices have the advantage of lowering the threshold to continue with the material beyond the workshop. Note though, that this lesson can also be taught on a cloud environment such as [Google colab](https://colab.research.google.com/) or [My Binder](https://github.com/carpentries/scaffolds/blob/master/instructions/workshop-coordination.md#my-binder). This can serve as a backup environment when local installations fail. Some cloud environments offer the possibility to run the code on a GPU, which significantly increases the runtime of deep learning code.
```
